welcome to topcast today we're going to
be watching damos playing as his chaos
Lord here always playing the chaos Lord
he you know what deos is so boring he's
so boring these days too busy playing
every other Warhammer 40K game in
existence and becoming very good at them
such that when he comes back to dawn of
War II we can only play Force Commander
chaos
Lord and other generic boring Heroes but
anyway he's going to be playing against
TCH and I'm going to let him off with
the war boss I don't think the war boss
is such a generic boring hero I really
don't I think the war boss is actually
quite technical to use these
days KOB has
his technicalities we could say I say
Mech boy is the easiest Oro to use at
the moment the fact that you can
suppress this guy and knock him over
unlike the K Lord definitely makes
things different and it's also funny
that the early game orc units are so
squishy yet the War Boss also has less
HP than the chaos Lord so yeah the other
game's tricky he's going for a triple
Slugger B here is a
manex he was a war boss main back in the
day that is what he's famous for if you
didn't know he's War Boss gameplay I
actually want to play a bunch of War
Boss I've not seen a lot of him recently
and I did that whole PC thing because
you know they were buffing the ball to
oh this is this is [__] he's
exploiting the paing there to make the W
boss unable to get into
melee which is pretty
abusive but I guess I don't know I don't
know how I feel about that well to be
honest I do know how I feel about it I
think it it should be bannable Behavior
because it kind of ruins the balance of
the
game completely I mean look the CSM got
hit
once and the wall was had to go fight
hard it did buy time for the Sluggers to
do a bit of bashing over here but an AC
tick did come in and this is looking bad
for the Sluggers they don't even have
the burners so they only did that well
against the AC tick because obviously
the AC wouldn't have been present when
this fight started but that's a good bit
you make the enemy think they're going
to win the fight against default
Heretics and then in the middle of the
fight you get your AC you turn it around
then when you add CSM in the back lines
with their better than average melee
damage yeah you've got a good chance of
wiping the squad there I mean they
didn't even need the CSM melee but still
second Slugger Squad arrives and they've
got burners they're going to now
continue the Gen bashing let's see they
get one yeah they get one
gen they be able to damage another oh
having to reload the boners a very
awkward time
there and they got to get out of there
fair enough let's see what's going on
down here oh we've got pain booy dueling
the K SL wow full melee build so far
from TCH I wonder if he's going to
replace the Lost Slugger SL the Lost
Slugger Squad that was a lot of
s's the Lost Slugger Squad that he
lost he might just go for storm boys
instead storm boys as far as tier one is
concerned I just jacked they're so good
more HP than the Sluggers way more
damage and fewer models but basically
the same
like the stat line cuz when I say more
HP more damage I don't mean model to
model cuz that' be obvious cuz there's
only five stor Bo versus six Sluggers
now I mean even though there's five stor
boys the five stor boys have more HP
than the six Sluggers and more damage so
yeah they're pretty
great what's interesting here is de's
build
so yeah fast com flamer Eternal
war and only one AC rebuilding all the
gens which is quite odd so he's delaying
his tier 1.5 quite dramatically I wonder
if he's doing that because he knows that
he killed one of the Sluggers so the
amount of units on the field to deal
with is not that much right now that
could be why he's doing it probably
going to send the Cur Lord to deal with
the pain booy he won't bleed like the
pain booy but he'll beat the pain booy
in 1 V
one you wouldn't want to send the tick
who were going to feed the painboy a lot
of
XP PBO starts leveling and getting more
energy then that's more heals and it
becomes a lot more
effective yeah so the pinbo just heals
himself and then runs away k l in range
stance there not giving the pain by any
free free damage to
him cuz you might need that HP right now
with a fight against these double boys
oh no those boys are going to retreat
back they've lost a model they want to
get that model back up before they take
this fight over here but three versus
two yeah but there is a war boss I
wonder if we're going to see bang bang
Hammer these Heretics running around
just with their default form they're
going to be absolutely no match at all
for the Slugger boys with
burners this is a bit of a weird player
really must have been a sneaky maneuver
from the Slugger boys to sneak in when
deos wasn't watching this is now bad
deos is going to lose a
lot yeah see he's getting the AC tick
because he needs it before he engages
but yeah it's not great where's the
stomp here from the B boss there it is
good Spike damage there to the Heretics
another model kill then probably get out
oh he didn't get the kill wow very rare
that the okay well he's just keeping him
in anyway way too long just miss micro
there on Tex's behalf ooh ad boys is
activated over here on this fight that
should help the Sluggers win I was going
to say the AC tick would normally win
that fight but yeah this is one of the
great advantages of the war boss any
sideline Mell braw the War Boss always
gets this huge Advantage because of the
fact he can just drop down use your
Choppers or R boys that's CSM model yeah
getting diced up right there remember
storm boys are power melee so they
really do quite a lot I think kill the
week's been used actually so now this
chaos Lord's in trouble too if he
doesn't have the kill the weak it can be
quite scary for him remember there's
damage over time from the Pain by I
might stayed in a little longer there
with stor
boys there's only two models but it's
still 200 hp oh no he does have kill
awake he might use his comie flamer or
maybe the engagement just dragged on
that long that killer week came back off
cool down so he wow what the [__] cannot
speak I have had a a week a week off on
holiday um so it's been about two weeks
since casting and this is what happens
my goodness the Heretics here came out
for their second fight against these
Sluggers and finally forc them off but I
don't know if deos replaced another gen
there oh if he only lost one gen if he
only lost one gen that would be amazing
I'm pretty sure he lost more than one
gen there though but the thing is deos
has only gone for this very small tier
one of three units so well this is
interesting right now I was going to say
You' expect the requisition income for
Tex to be inferior cuz he's got more
squads but then again he's only got a
pain
boy one of our generators is under
attack which is only five pop so not a
lot of upkeep there and he did lose one
of the Sluggers storb is roughly the
same as Sluggers in
Pop um
yeah interesting obviously this needs to
mature now that was helping TCH out
quite a
lot but I tell you what deos got to tier
two a lot sooner than Tex wow Tex is
really far behind in terms of the tech
the nice thing for Tex is that these
free
melee uh boy squads they're going to
become way stronger in tier two when
they get the knob leader it's kind of
the the tricky thing in this
matchup the melee is not as effective as
tyranids in tier one no way but
certainly in tier 2 the spammer boys can
get a bit out of control and then you've
also got the potential for the War Boss
to go
crazy no bang bang hammer on this map
you probably would get it on a smaller
map like jilla's Forge Quest teresy
because you're going to be blobbing up a
lot okay I I take it back he's getting
bangbang Hammer now which is
odd
attack I'm not sure if he has something
already queued up in tier
two I don't really understand going tier
two okay canceled
it just fishing for damage with the
stomp there against the ticks but damos
does not take the bait deos is rushing B
leers and he will inevitably get the
Trin life War GE no doubt on the chaos
Lord there is a pain Bo running around
very easy to snag sub commanders with
that drain life War
gear yeah this is not a good fight going
to have to jump the stor boys onto the
ticks because they're just going to get
healed by
the by the blood Le
worship well the blood leaders are just
going to get healed by the heretic
worship and therefore you need to kill
the Heretics so yeah kind of awkward and
this is why blood is are so good as
anti- melee look at that look at how
much damage they just tanked that was a
stormboy squad fighting them for ages
with the pain boy heal on them and they
just dealt with them easily I know there
was CSM in the back lines but really the
CSM were not needed at all
so
scary there you go teleporting blood
lead is forward for Mobility uses the
con worship con worship so powerful
definitely the most strong worship for
sure the utility of having more movement
speed on blood leers and plague Marines
in tier 2 is just freaking ridiculous
plus more movement speed on vehicles as
well that's kind of crazy if you get
vehicle jewels and just countering the
fact that your vehicle might get snared
these Sluggers here
they're only boys there's no knob leader
so this is a terrible fight for them
they're going to get flung around by
special attacks from the hellblade and
this is again not really a good fight
look at this way too much melee right
now yeah pain booy is going to get
caught out the speed buff there helping
pursue remember the combi bter from the
K does full fire on the Move damage so
yep he's taking quite a lot of Chip
damage o bit out the D now going into
range
Dan or maybe you just stop
moving this is a good diversion though
from TCH he's oh look at that using the
crazy high jump range that you get when
you get the improved rocket packs look
at that plus 15 jump range you've seen
how far they jumped in that was insane
so he dragged the CSM and the blood that
is all the way up here so now his double
Sluggers which are only normal boys nice
and cheap still they can get out and put
in work cap in the map and they've
actually reunited with stor boys
but yeah de's economy is amazing he he's
not really bled any models he's he's
literally only lost a handful of
Heretics here so the result is he's way
farther ahead in Tech he's got the chaos
dreadnut now he's got the drain life
armor so the other thing with the drain
life armor you're fighting all these
scary knob leaders you just isolate the
the squad leaders and rip them to pieces
and bleed them and it can make the arc
suffer quite a
lot I think for that reason you want to
rely on your War Boss quite a bit we do
have the bang bang hammer and the trophy
rack now on the war boss
but I don't know about the bang bang
Hammer now I feel like this is a very
big open map and if you think back to
the engagements we've had so far in the
game there haven't really been many
large army versus army engagements it's
been a lot of two units fighting here
one unit fighting here one unit fighting
there that kind of
thing so the bang bang Hammer obviously
Buffs the nebi orc time he swings so the
more Orcs that you have around the War
Boss the more effective it is so
basically if you blob a lot it's really
good if you don't blob it's not that
good oh probably going to be a dead pain
boy here with drain life in
Retreat as he missed it oh we didn't go
for it oh interesting I don't know if
that's really nerfed on Retreat now or
not I would have thought that would have
probably got the
kill the Heretics as well contributed so
the dreadn rotated to the side seeing
the double Sluggers here obviously tick
cannot deal with the Sluggers now
they've got the knobs and then it's 2V1
even then but Sluggers only do power
melee with their knob leader unlike the
storm boy does heavy melee so let's see
how this fight is going to go what have
we got down here we've only got the
storm boys do we have any of that
unstable G sauce or is it already been
used no they've got full model so I
don't think so wow look at the speed
though with the bang bang hammer and the
US your Choppers giving them extra
damage and extra melee skill but yeah I
don't know
man SC
you've only got one melee Squad here
it's not enough need multiple just
trying to bleed the CSM he got a model
he didn't you he only lost one storm B
that's pretty worth
it he's got a buster Squad now does Man
of
fith it be all right against the dreadn
but youve got
to well you got to St the tank Busters
getting tied up in melee there blood
letters and K LA to try and do that but
it's scary for them remember the buas
are kind of bound to stay nearby to the
Heretics oh might get a heretic WIP here
we do beautiful okay that's something
snags that heretic so yeah the budas are
only effective against y if they are in
worship if they're out of worship they
will get stomped by the AR Mele stomo is
even jumping in here wants to get
another bloodlet model let's see can he
do it oh wow look at
that 700 HP down on the budlet is there
and no model's lost it's quite lucky
barrage going in going to take out
another gen just putting the pressure on
but yeah dreadnots aren't too bad
against Busters for this reason this is
often why you like to get the power Claw
on the War Boss not the bang bang Hammer
so then he can go in and put pressure
onto the
dreadnut yeah t bust is going to have to
get out of there they're losing too many
models and this is the problem they
start to lose models they lose their
effective
DPS and War Boss not immune to knock
back just gets picked up and tossed
aside by the drain life there the chaos
Lord but at this point in the game other
than that drain life ability the chaos
Lord you can mostly ignore him he's very
tanky but he's not actually doing a lot
of damage as a beautiful kill the week
though so the utility of the Kos
abilities here been used very well by
deos knocking the Sluggers back into the
blood L is there and the CSM fire was a
nice
play he wants to be quite careful with
his pain booy here there's a lot of
damage potential coming out
yeah so it's always tempting to stay in
a little bit with your single entities
when they're fighting Heretics the
models die fast it's easy XP for your
single entities and like I said before
getting more levels than the pain booy
is very very useful ooh this is
weird there's a weird
boy so it's an interesting sort of
compositional decision here so he's
struggling to deal with one chaos
dreadnut right now because he's got bang
bang Hammer not power claw and he's only
got one tank Buster having only one
source of Av against a walker is well
that's pretty challenging the good thing
for Tex is that there's only one repair
unit so this thing can only heal 10 HP
per second it's going to take a while
and whenever these ticks are repairing
they're not worshiping the letters which
makes these easy to
beat but now there's a second dread knot
and like I said he's already kind of
struggling to deal with one and now Tex
rather than getting a be me death gun
looter or another tank Buster Squad he's
got a weird boy which is going to be
great versus the
CSM but you've not got Shooters so why
do you really care about CSM you can
just run in and melee them they're not
really a concern I'm sure he got it for
Warpath that is by far the most
important element here uh and he's also
got the vomit as well to help counter
blood
letters but we've got a lot of w being
activated here that's the AE buff that
all the boy squads of the Orcs
get and they're chopping away these
Heretics Heretics are gone so now blood
letters are in trouble the blood letters
get hit by a w vomit you've got Sluggers
and pain booy in Retreat path or too
early of a retreat there from the
Sluggers definitely too early still have
their knob could have done a lot of
damage there to the storm
boys but K sword just goes in the whole
time harassing the tank Busters and the
war boss isn't able to prevent it really
should have had one of the Sluggers
attacking the K Lord there with the
Buffs of the bang bang Hammer I'm sure
they would have torn the K Lord apart
quite fast wow what an interesting
choice by takes he's not going to get
more direct range a to counter these
dreadnots he's going for a death
dread
huh I mean it gets the full melee resist
unlike the autoc cannon dreadnots which
only get 20% so there's something
there but still going to take a long
time I guess I mean yeah it can tie up
one of the dreadnots and I guess with
its burners and bits it would win the 1
V one
but he's still struggling to deal with
one dreadnut with just one tank Buster
it's
hard oh man look at the AOE damage
coming out of those dual Auto cannons
fortunately for Tex they mitigated by
the pain booy heal and that is the power
of the pain boy but God I really just
feel like Tech needed to have the the
power claw here I don't think the bang
bang Hammer has been very effective it
was a good barrage there from the tank
Busters but yeah look at the dreadnots
they just tank Busters Blobby up so much
get Focus fired by the the dreadnots and
it's sad days the little war blasts from
the weird boy will do decent damage if
they can actually hit let's see over
here we've got ad boys on the Sluggers
they've got blood letters in there I
think they've used blood lust have they
yeah I think they've got blood lust wow
pain booy going to go down potentially
lucky special attack usually Choppers
was used on the pain booy that is quite
hilarious I have to assume that that was
unintentional again imagine if the W
boss here instead of faning around with
a bang bang Hammer actually had a power
claw he would be doing a hell of a lot
better now risking losing the War Boss
what a melee brawl what happened over
here both of the Heretics OS went down
and now the tank busers are back on the
field but they're very low on models
they need to get out of there I think
yep oh my
God dread not nearly grabbing him with
his Claw is there anything in the base
there's only a pain boy holy [__] wow
takes out the dread
not deos overc committing to this fight
quite a lot what do we have here we've
got overd you want to overd the tank
Busters forward can they catch I don't
know yep over there no war path war path
would have been useful tank Busters do
have above average range will it be
enough to get in range of the the CH
dread Knight you could consider using
the wire as well it's a very small speed
buff but it's something you see the
Sluggers they're doing some damage but
not a lot
yeah they they they're not really
they're not keeping up oh oh going for
the barrage but it might oh the evasion
there with a speed boost from the
Heretics demos is still in this so fresh
heretic Squad these guys are going to be
so incredibly squishy and this is the
problem he's only got one heretic now
and he's going to be repairing this
dreadnut for a hell of a long time and
the blood be is meanwhile want that
worship support healing
so we did see the stor boys get killed
and the Sluggers get killed but two of
the Heretics went down for deos the ones
with the AC's and he lost that dreadn of
course the death D came out and did a
little bit but it got 2V1 I don't even
think it had time to get its burners and
bits so yeah we had no chance trying to
2v one a pair of chaos dreadnots without
any upgrades it's not going to go well
for the death dread it's a lot cheaper
so let's see the plan it's taking a very
long time here to repair this
dreadnut VPS slightly in favor of deos
here pretty decent lead
considering the duration of the game
right
now MVP's definitely become more
valuable later on
but Tech's doing a good job distracting
in the middle there whilst the sugers go
take the natural
VP they must going to return the favor
with some blood letters down here oh I
like this play actually this is quite
good yeah I like the death dread right
now now that there's only one chaos
dread not that chaos dreadnut is going
to suffer if it just forces melee to try
and shoot the tank Busters on approach
of its Auto Cannon if it's getting hit
by a death dread while it's doing so
and if you put something in between then
it won't even shoot at the tank Busters
it'll shoot at whatever's closer like
the War Boss should be pretty
good two a little bit of Friendly Fire
there from the weird boy not too bad
actually wow now he's going for a truck
what the hell is Tex doing this
is
interesting look how tanky this chaos
Lord is wow instant special attack
and to kill the weak pretty
strong
Bonk
Advantage yeah very disappointed with
the bang bang Hammer I don't I just
think it's a bad map for it you don't
have enough army versus army
fights things ain't tight enough here we
go tank Busters is moving way too close
to the chaos dreadnut here yeah they're
going to get Pew peed by the CSM it's
going to be a bad day for them is the
problem with tank Busters man they bleed
like crazy
yeah but the burners and bits death
dread will be able to take over from
there and we'll definitely be able to
beat the chaos
dreadn even if the K dreadnots level
two are they already in it no they're
not even in the W truck yet okay that's
not
ideal yeah CSM got to get out of there
with a little deposit of Sluggers and a
weird boy CSM not really achieving a
whole lot somehow level four I mean I
guess they get XP cuz they
poke with their bolters but they don't
actually they don't really achieve a
whole
lot well we've got some grots some
repair grots they're going to suffer to
the combi Bolter here
yeah not ideal
they need to be quite careful the kill
sword will make short work of
them but deos is going tier three well
in fact he's gone tier three and he's
got a tank already so this is a bit
problematic I think a nurgle tank will
probably seal the deal here because Tex
has not gone for enough AB
basically without a beamy looter or two
killing a nurgle tank's going to be
practically
impossible that was a really nice W
vomit I'm not sure that the dreadnots
going to get out of this one alive no
it's forcing
melee yeah forces meley to shut the tank
Busters up and then it can actually use
its Auto Cannon against the truck but
now you've got the death dread blasting
it as well yeah it's dead nice okay all
right oh he went Mark of Conn
wow I guess because of the death dread
he wouldn't have had any AV if he went
Mark of nurgle the mark of nurgle Cannon
is very bad AV against the death
thread I mean it's still a I think I
would have gone plague Marines and Mark
of nurgle if I'm being completely
honest I don't think maaan is a very
good idea here it's way too
Fragile the tank Busters are actually
able to somewhat counter it as long as
they're not stood at the front like this
cuz then they will get treaded by the
75% extra damage BS and they waste their
initial rocket barrage as
well they're not attacking the right
target that was a good heal though our
blood letters are in
melee not great for them wow they just
took so much damage from the weird by
there seemed like the blood leads took
on and of course the blood leers have
lost no models
either why would they ever lose models
oh TCH Tex Tex Tex TCH Tex what was that
engagement why did he stay around for so
long why did he have his tank busers out
front not sure not know what he was
thinking there
to wos going to go for the natural of
deos but deos is already on the natural
here of TCH not great
so what do you buy if your text right
now had to get a beamy looter I think
you are us a victory point it's bit
awkward we may Triumph today it's a
shame he doesn't have another melee
Squad another Slugger a storb would be
beautiful really one to deal with the
CSM one to help actually fight those BL
that
is yeah It's Tricky so con worship corn
tank that's a very Speedy tank right
there he needs to stop leading with the
tank Busters look at that look at the
damage from the Predator there onto the
Busters cuz he's got the Busters at the
front which is not a good idea he needs
to tank the hits with the weird boy
ideally cuz Splash damage obviously
doesn't do anything to a weird boy
there's only one
model oh the [__]
truck um and then I've GRS run behind
the truck
okay we've got double death
dad I don't know what the point of this
is I mean you can tank the the Predator
with the double death dread right I
guess this is why plague Marines would
have been good as a followup it would
have negated the death dreads even if I
went for a nle predator which obviously
has inferior AV damage ooh nice hit from
the Weir by there rear armor hit on the
care spread and yeah I mean look the
damage from the tank Busters man so high
oh an abyss
not a very effective
Abyss yeah not very effective at all wow
that seems a little excessive using both
of the globals there on the Sluggers to
get rid of the blood that isn't it
definitely gets rid of
them but tank Busters and W truck are
still in
play double death Tre is now roaming
around they need to rotate over to the
East and now the war boss is dead I was
going to say help the war boss but it's
not going to help too much is it um yeah
he's just going to run the Predators
down with the death treads in base
apparently but he's not a Mech bite oh
yeah he can deposit Busters H
nice kills the kpr kpr definitely a
mistake there definitely should have
gone nle PR nle PR PMS I think would
have been the
play the nice thing about the noo PR is
you don't need the immediate heretic
repairs as well cuz it heals
itself whenever you're outside of
engagements that's quite nice for it
right let's get the tank Busters out of
here because it's still a one to one cap
and Texas is getting very low on VPS
right now only 50 probably want to send
the W truck over to here and get capping
this VP it's not like you can actually
kill the chaos Lord right
now and your death dread should really
should be in the middle dealing with the
blood letters this death dread obviously
can defend the pine W did get
repurchased that's the one that's going
for the natural [__] instead uh painboy
can't really do too much to a cur Lord
in the here remember he's got drain
life and the GRS rotate
over that on repair du is wow he's got
double GRS right now what the
[__] this is madness this is a default
Predator right now uh I don't think tank
Busters okay the tank Busters are
shooting while capping that's good for
them do we have a heal on the Busters
they've got full models painboy heal
where are you there we go nice nice nice
nice yes and painboy can take over the
cap very good very good Weir B needs to
get capping over here the GRS are
repairing that death dread that's nice
and the wobus is took the natural
looking good for TCH right now it's tier
two very strange build here with double
grots double death dread triple death
dread in tier two and a war truck this
is insane your forces obey you he has no
need again I don't like that he's
leading with the Busters like the
Busters here or here with the death
dread in front so the death dread eats
the tank shot and these guys don't lose
models or
HP again deos goes for the the mark of K
and he has the time he has the the VPS I
would not be going for Mar of KH I think
this is pretty silly
actually he needs plague
Marines I mean he could go for a a
double tank but really I think
in these plag marines slow these death
dreads down control them
better right we Bo needs to start
focusing on the
tank nope he's hurting his own troops
more than anything else right now death
dread is going to fall but can it grab
the Cur Lord oh course Cur Lord's got
way too much health and again the weird
boy is hurting his own troops more than
anyone else wow the K does go down I
don't even know what killed him there
bang death dread gets taken out by the
predator and again the weird boy is
hitting his own Sluggers more than
anything
else really the weird boy just needs to
right click the predator and just focus
on the Predator not sure what exactly
happened over here but it looks like the
War Boss won the fight I don't even know
if there was a fight but and there's
another death
thread oh this is so fun I love it death
CR spam there you go weird boy bang nice
hit from the weird boy there pain boy's
been forced off as he yeah pain booy has
been forced off so no heals to the
Busters here that can be a nice Synergy
good warp vomit stunning The Blood leers
who were trying to go over here where
there's only GRS defending the VP and
that's it deos is out of VPS it's a
Triple cap and he's lost his VPS wow
with a death dread defending the natural
over here to prevent any caps I mean
look that's one of the great things
about the death dreads they're so cheap
compared to other other walkers you can
really spam them out but the comprad
struggling not able to beat the truck
buster combo here even with text playing
it I would argue quite suboptimally of
course the weird Bo contributing quite a
lot as well with his his damage and
range which is actually quite good
against tanks cuz they're a big Target
tends to not do a lot against Walkers
cuz they're sort of less wide and more
tall but these guys having rear armor
yeah you can do some big chunks really
really wild build here from Tech but I
guess that's what happens when you're
fighting someone who used to be a
Veteran War Boss player they can just do
all kinds of crazy things and pull off a
win that really they shouldn't have cuz
it was not the best tier one all things
considered oh well that's uh pretty cool
it's been a long time since I've seen
the war boss I hope that I get the
chance soon to do some POV gam playay
with the war boss if you want to see
some POV Game Play Tell Me Down Below
what Heroes you would like to see the
most what faction and then what hero cuz
to be honest I'm not going to do chaos
Lord or chaos sorcerer though because
I've already done PC I don't want to
repeat the faction I feel like that's
quite unfair to all the players out
there who don't play chaos to you know
I've already done all those games with
PC and shown some really high level PC
gameplay I don't think I need to show
more chaos game play it is slightly
different but you know other races are
completely different so yeah tell me
down below what race you'd like to see
me play more of and then specifically
what hero in that race you'd like me to
to do more POV casts of otherwise that
is going to be all for you by STD this
time I am signing out
[Music]